Instructions for the test

Please read these instructions carefully -- you can scroll down using
the arrow keys or space. Once you have read the instructions, hit the
return (Enter) key to begin the experiment. Each trial begins when you
hit the "Space" key. If you need to rest during the session, just rest
before hitting the "Space" key.

Each trial starts with a cross symbol shown at the center of screen. 
Please focus your eyes on this. Shortly after the cross appears,
you will be shown a display with 12 objects positioned in a circle 
like numbers in a clock. These objects will mostly be green circles of a
certain size.

For a given session, your task is to report the presence or absence of a particular
unique object in this collection of 12 objects. This is done for every trial in the session.
For example, in one session your task could be to report the presence or absence of a square-shaped object.
In other sessions you might be told to report the presence of a red circle or a larger circle.

The presence of the given object is indicated by hitting the key on your keyboard
that has a diagram of the object pasted on it. If the object is absent, this
is to be indicated by hitting the key which has a horizontal line pasted on it. You
are supposed to respond as fast and accurately as possible. After every trial you
will see a message that indicates whether you reported the correct answer or not. 
At the end of the session you will be informed about your overall performance.

It is important that you look for the object that is designated for
the session while ignoring the other objects that might also appear on
some of the trials. Thus, if you are in a session looking for the square
object, ignore other objects that might be red or larger, if they appear. 
In other words, try not to be distracted. The designated target object that you
need to look for (square, large, or red) will change in each of the three sessions.

If you do not understand this or have any questions, please
talk to the experimenter for guidance. The task should be easy to
carry out.

The experiment will run for 55 minutes in a session. If you do not
complete a minimum number of trials in that time you will be asked to
continue until that minimum is reached, but there should be ample time
to finish in 55 minutes.

In this session, you will be looking for the %s.
